Allô, allô.
Hello, hello.
Allô, comment ça va ?
Hello, how are you?
Bonjour, ici Paris 20e. Est-ce que vous me recevez ?
Hello, this is Paris 20e. Do you read me?
Hello, this is Paris 20th. Can you hear me?
Paris 20e, je vous reçois. Ici Paris 18, Paris au combat.
Paris 20e, I receive you. This is Paris 18, Paris in action.
Paris 20th, I hear you. This is Paris 18th, Paris in combat.
Alors écoutez, nous sommes le jour 1, lundi 16 mars. Il est 18h20.
So listen, it's day 1, Monday, March 16. It's 6:20.
So listen, today is day 1, Monday, March 16. It is 6:20 PM.
Et je vous appelle pour vous demander un peu comment s'est passé votre première journée de confinement.
And I'm calling you to ask you a little bit about your first day of confinement.
And I'm calling you to ask how your first day of confinement went.
And I'm calling you to ask how your first day of containment went.
Très très bien. Simplement, nous avons mangé la moitié des rations.
Very good. Simply, we ate half the rations.
Very, very well. We just ate half of the rations.
La moitié des...
Half the...
Half of the...
On ne termine pas combien de repas tu as fait ?
How many meals have you done?
We don't finish. How many meals did you make?
J'avais prévu...
I had planned...
Combien de repas ?
How many meals?
Now many meals?
J'avais prévu pour 30 repas. Et j'ai mangé hier l'équivalent de 15 repas.
I had planned 30 meals. And I ate the equivalent of 15 meals yesterday.
I had planned for 30 meals. And I ate the equivalent of 15 meals yesterday.
I had planned for 30 meals. And I ate the equivalent of 15 meals daily.
Ah, 30 repas. Donc 15 repas en une journée aujourd'hui.
Oh, 30 meals. So 15 meals in one day today.
Ah, 30 meals. So 15 meals in one day today.
C'est ça. En comptant que normalement je ne devrais pas avoir trop faim jusqu'à ce soir demain.
That's right. Considering that normally I shouldn't be too hungry until tonight.
That's right. Counting that normally I shouldn't be too hungry until tomorrow evening.
That's right. Counting that normally I shouldn't be too Hungary until tomorrow evening.
Bon là, j'ai un petit creux mais...
Well, I've got a little hollow but...
Well, I'm a little hungry right now, but...
Well, I'm a little Hungary right now, but...
Bon voilà. En fait, j'avais compté prendre de l'avance et ça n'a pas marché.
There you go. In fact, I had planned to get ahead and it didn't work.
Well, there you go. In fact, I thought I'd get ahead and it didn't work.
Well, there you go. In fact, I think I'd get ahead and it didn't work.
Stratégie peu payante au cas où je peux...
Low-paying strategy in case I can...
Strategy not very profitable in case I can...
Strategy not very profitable in box I can...
D'accord. Donc tu t'es dit, peut-être si je mange tout maintenant, ça peut tenir une semaine ?
Okay. So you figured, maybe if I eat everything now, can it last a week?
Okay. So you thought, maybe if I eat everything now, it might last a week?
Okay. So you think, maybe if I eat everything now, it might last a week?
En fait, pas du tout.
In fact, not at all.
Not at all.
Hop ! Je n'ai plus besoin de bouger pendant 15 jours. C'est faux. J'ai refaim.
Hop! I don't need to move for 15 days. That's not true. I've done it again.
Hop! I don't need to move for 15 days. Wrong. I'm hungry again.
Hop! I don't need to move for 15 days. Wrong.
Tu as tenté une sorte d'hibernation de la technique de l'ours.
You tried some kind of hibernation of bear technique.
You tried a kind of hibernation technique like a bear.
You sort a kind of hibernation technique like a bear.
Voilà. Alors j'ai dormi, ça c'est sûr, mais de bonne sorte.
Here. So I slept, that's for sure, but kind of.
Well, I slept, that's for sure, but well.
Tu as pris du poids aussi comme un ours ?
Did you gain weight as well as a bear?
Did you also gain weight like a bear?
Un peu, oui. Mais j'ai ce petit truc aussi. C'est vrai que quand je me réveille, moi j'ai un petit croc.
A little bit, yes. But I have this little thing, too. It's true that when I wake up, I have a little hook.
A little, yes. But I have this little thing too. It's true that when I wake up, I have a little hunger.
Ben normal. Attends, bien sûr.
Normal. Wait, of course.
Well, normal. Wait, of course.
La petite boostify du réveil quoi.
The little boostify of awakening what.
The little boost of waking up, right.
The little boost of walking up, right.
Mais bon, alors voilà. C'est aussi mon rôle, je pense, en tant que médiateur, en tant que personne qui donne la parole, de faire des erreurs.
Well, there you go. It is also my role, as mediator, as the person who gives the floor, to make mistakes.
But well, so there you go. It's also my role, I think, as a mediator, as someone who gives voice, to make mistakes.
Donc ne le faites pas. Voilà. Rationnez. Rationnez.
So don't. There. Rationalize.
So don't do it. There you go. Ration. Ration.
Bon. Et du coup, toutes ces calories emmagasinées, est-ce que tu vas développer pour, a priori, on ne sait pas encore, notre président va parler ce soir, mais peut-être six semaines de confinement.
Good. And so, all these stored calories, are you going to develop for, a priori, we don't know yet, our president is going to talk tonight, but maybe six weeks of containment.
Well. And so, all these calories stored, is it to develop, a priori, we don't know yet, our president will speak tonight, but maybe six weeks of confinement.
Est-ce que tu vas développer une routine sportive ?
Are you going to develop a sports routine?
Are you going to develop a routine sports?
Oui. Alors le matin, bon, au matin, on n'est pas bien, donc bon, zéro pompe.
Yes. So in the morning, well, in the morning, we're not good, so good, zero pump.
Yes. So in the morning, well, in the morning, we're not good, so zero pumps.
À midi, il ne faudrait pas risquer le claquage.
At noon, you should not risk the cracking.
At noon, you shouldn't risk a tear.
Attendez, je note, je vais faire la même.
Wait, I note, I'll do the same.
Wait, I'm taking notes, I'll do the same.
Non, oui.
No, yes.
Vous dites zéro pompe, c'est bien d'accord.
You say zero pump, it's okay.
You say zero pumps, that's good.
Zéro.
Zero.
Venduit, je ferai le repas.
Come on, I'll make the meal.
Twenty-two, I'll do the meal.
Je ferai le repas quoi.
I'll make the meal what.
I'll do the meal.
Bon là, vous êtes chauds, vous êtes bien.
Well, you're hot, you're good.
Zéro squat.
Zero squat.
Zero squats.
Vraiment, pas de squat.
True, no squat.
Really, no squats.
OK, c'est noté.
OK, it's noted.
OK, noted.
Et le soir, et ça, j'y tiens.
And in the evening, and that, I want to.
And in the evening, and this, I insist.
And in the event, and this, I insist.
Alors là, mordicus.
Then there, mordicus.
Well, there, mordicus.
On ne peut pas y couper.
You can't cut it.
You can't avoid it.
Non, parce qu'on en connaît des gars qui font les zéro pompe, après ils font les zéro squat, mais le soir, hop, ils voient une barre de traction et bam, voilà.
No, because we know guys who do zero pump, then they do zero squat, but in the evening, hop, they see a traction bar and bam, that's it.
No, because we know guys who do zero pumps, then they do zero squats, but in the evening, hop, they see a pull-up bar and bam, there you go.
No, because we know who do zero pumps, then they do zero squats, but in the evening, hop, they see a pull-up bar and bam, there you go.
Ben oui, bien sûr.
Yes, of course.
Well, of course.
Donc, zéro traction auquel je rajouterai, zéro abdos le soir.
So, zero traction to which I will add, zero abs in the evening.
So, zero pull-ups to which I will add, zero abs in the evening.
So, zero pull-ups to which I will add, zero abs in the event.
D'accord, d'accord.
Okay, okay.
Donc ça, pendant 15 jours.
So, for 15 days.
So that, for 15 days.
15 jours.
15 days.
Vous voyez les effets.
You see the effects.
Si ça commence à picoter dans le cœur et que votre conjoint refuse non seulement de dormir avec vous, mais aussi de vous regarder, vous êtes sur le bon chemin.
If it starts to prick in the heart and your spouse refuses not only to sleep with you, but also to look at you, you are on the right path.
If it starts to tingle in the heart and your partner refuses not only to sleep with you, but also to look at you, you are on the right track.
If it starts to trick in the heart and your partner refuses not only to sleep with you, but also to look at you, you are on the right track.
D'accord.
All right.
Okay.
Donc là, c'est que les efforts payent quoi à un moment.
So that's when the effort pays what at one time.
So there, it means the efforts are paying off at some point.
Et il faut attendre 15 jours.
And you have to wait 15 days.
Ça, c'est sûr que ça ne va pas se faire tout de suite.
It's sure it won't happen right away.
That's for sure it won't happen right away.
C'est le problème.
That's the problem.
C'est qu'on attend de voir des effets tout de suite, nous.
It's just that we're waiting to see some effects right now.
It's that we expect to see effects right away.
Ben oui, mais c'est la volonté aussi.
Yes, but it's the will too.
Well, yes, but it's also a matter of will.
C'est aussi une histoire de volonté.
It's also a story of will.
Je veux dire, si les gens sont prêts à suivre un programme, ils le suivent jusqu'au bout.
I mean, if people are ready to follow a program, they follow it to the end.
Voilà.
Here.
There you go.
Ne vous lancez pas dedans.
Do not throw yourself in.
Don't get into it.
Le mental dans ce confinement va être crucial quoi.
The mind in this confinement will be crucial what.
Mental in this confinement will be crucial.
Le 20e, je vous reçois moins bien.
On the 20th, I receive you less well.
The 20th, I hear you less well.
Je ne sais pas ce qui se passe.
I don't know what's going on.
Ah merde.
Shit.
Ah shit.
Allo, alors, est-ce que vous m'entendez ?
Hello, can you hear me?
Hello, so, can you hear me?
Oui, vous savez qu'une connexion Internet optimale, c'est primordial.
Yes, you know that an optimal Internet connection is essential.
Yes, you know that optimal internet connection is essential.
Pour un bon confinement.
For proper containment.
For good confinement.
For good containment.
Alors, moi, c'est vrai que là, ça va peut-être être le problème pour ce petit journal de bord plutôt caustique.
So, me, it's true that this may be the problem for this little rather caustic logbook.
So, for me, it's true that maybe it will be the problem for this rather caustic little logbook.
So, for me, it's true that maybe it will be the problem for this other causal little logbook.
C'est que ma connexion est pourrie.
It's because my connection is rotten.
It's that my connection is shitty.
Donc, si ça ne marche pas, on changera de technique.
So if it doesn't work, we'll change the technique.
So, if it doesn't work, we'll change the technique.
De toute façon, moi, je vous laisse bientôt parce que je n'ai pas de traction à faire.
Anyway, I'm leaving you soon because I don't have any traction to do.
In any case, I'll leave you soon because I don't have any pull-ups to do.
In any case, I'll leave you soon because I don't have any sweat-ups to do.
D'accord.
All right.
Okay.
Oui, oui.
Yes, yes.
Je voulais juste faire un point avec vous du côté de tout ce qui est hygiène maintenant.
I just wanted to make a point with you on the side of everything that is hygiene now.
I just wanted to check in with you about everything related to hygiene now.
Oui, alors, j'ai pris…
Yes, so I took...
Yes, so, I took...
Y a-t-il eu douche ?
Has there been a shower?
Was there a shower?
Y a eu douche hier.
There was a shower yesterday.
There was a shower day.
Bravo.
C'est bien.
That's good.
Fin de l'hygiène.
End of hygiene.
Je compte vivre sur cette douche.
I intend to live on this shower.
I plan to live on this shower.
Non, mais après, ça dépend si je dois recevoir un livreur.
No, but after that, it depends if I have to receive a deliverer.
No, but after that, it depends if I have to receive a delivery person.
Bon, je ferai un effort, un petit coup de axe, peut-être quelque chose.
Well, I'll make an effort, a little spin, maybe something.
Well, I'll make an effort, a little axe blow, maybe something.
Well, I'll make an effort, has little axis blow, maybe something.
Bien sûr.
Of course.
C'est sympa.
It's nice.
That's nice.
On ne va pas épuiser l'eau.
We're not going to run out of water.
We won't exhaust the water.
We won't expand the water.
D'accord.
All right.
Okay.
Voilà.
Here.
There you go.
D'accord.
All right.
Okay.
C'est tout ce que j'ai à dire.
That's all I have to say.
On part pour l'instant.
We're leaving for now.
C'est bien.
That's good.
Pour l'instant, on est sur jour 1, zéro douche.
For now, we're on day 1, zero shower.
For now, we are on day 1, zero showers.
For now, we are on day 1, zero-showers.
D'accord.
All right.
Okay.
J'estime aussi que cette non-douche est une précaution que je prends au cas où…
I also believe that this non-douche is a precaution I take in case...
I also think that this no-shower is a precaution I take in case...
I also think that this no-sower is a guarantee I take in case...
Parce qu'on connaît les…
Because we know the...
Bientôt, ce sera la panique.
Soon it will be panic.
Soon, it will be panic.
Il y aura beaucoup de femmes dans la rue qui chercheront à se reproduire et qui chercheront un abri.
There will be many women on the street who will seek to breed and seek shelter.
There will be many women on the street looking to reproduce and seeking shelter.
There will be many women on the street looking to reproduce and seeing shelter.
Elles arriveront alléchées par l'odeur de mes victuailles et elles demanderont à se reproduire avec moi.
They'll be licked by the smell of my victuals and they'll ask to reproduce with me.
They will come attracted by the smell of my provisions and will ask to reproduce with me.
They will come attracted by the sweet of my supplies and will ask to reproduce with me.
Et de tes pères romaines, visiblement aussi.
And your Roman fathers, obviously too.
And your Roman fathers, apparently also.
Voilà.
Here.
There you go.
Et donc, il faut que je puisse les repousser à la manière d'un putois par fidélité.
And so, I have to be able to push them back in the way of a putois by fidelity.
And so, I have to be able to repel them in the manner of a skunk out of loyalty.
And so, I have to be able to repel them in the manner of a kunk out of loyalty.
C'est pour ma femme que je…
It's for my wife that I...
It's for my life that I...
D'accord.
All right.
Okay.
Voilà.
Here.
There you go.
D'accord.
All right.
Okay.
J'ai compris.
I got it.
I understood.
J'ai bien compris.
I understand.
I understood well.
Vous les connaissez, ces garces qui nous ont tout pris et qui ne reculent devant rien.
You know them, these bitches who took everything from us and don't step back in front of anything.
You know them, these bitches who took everything from us and who stop at nothing.
You know them, these pitches who took everything from us and who stop at nothing.
Rien.
Nothing.
Rien du tout.
Nothing at all.
Elles sont capables quand même de me faire flancher.
They're still able to make me fall apart.
They are capable of making me falter.
They are capable of making me fall.
D'accord.
All right.
Okay.
Alors, je reste trois.
So I'm still three.
So, I stay three.
Bien.
Good.
Et puis, écoutez, pour terminer, parce que là, clairement, je pense que…
And then, listen, to finish, because there, clearly, I think...
And there, listen, to finish, because there, cleanly, I think...
Vous parlez à un expert.
You speak to an expert.
You are talking to an expert.
Vous allez pas tenir 45 jours comme ça.
You're not gonna hold 45 days like that.
You won't last 45 days like that.
Je vois ça.
I see that.
À 20h, notre président va venir nous parler.
At 8:00 p.m., our president will come and talk to us.
At 8 PM, our president will come to speak to us.
Je pense qu'il va engueuler les gens qui sont allés se promener dans les parcs comme des abrutis tout le week-end.
I think he's gonna yell at people who have been walking around the parks like idiots all weekend.
I think he will scold the people who went for a walk in the parks like idiots all weekend.
I think he will scold the people who went for a walk in the park like idiots all weekend.
Est-ce que vous pensez qu'il va mobiliser l'armée ? Et qu'est-ce qu'il va nous dire ce soir, le président ?
Do you think he'll mobilize the army? And what's the president gonna tell us tonight?
Do you think he will mobilize the army? And what will he tell us tonight, the president?
Do you think he will move the army? And what will he tell us tone, the president?
Le président, il va mobiliser l'armée et il va nous engueuler comme un papa à la manière de…
The president, he's going to mobilize the army, and he's going to yell at us like a dad like...
The president, he will mobilize the army and he will scold us like a father in the manner of...
The president, he will move the army and he will scold us like a father in the manner of...
Je ne suis pas énervé, mais je suis un peu déçu.
I'm not upset, but I'm a little disappointed.
I'm not angry, but I'm a little disappointed.
I'm not angry, but I'm a little disadjunct.
Et vous allez quand même chier dans la colle, quoi.
And you're still gonna shit in the glue, what.
And you're still going to shit in the glue, right.
And you're still going to hit in the glue, right.
Oui, pour une fois qu'on peut l'écouter, je ne sais pas.
Yes, for once, I don't know.
Yes, for once that we can listen to him, I don't know.
Yes, for one that we can listen to Him, I don't know.
On va voir, mais je le connais.
We'll see, but I know him.
Il va nous faire une Hollande.
He'll make us a Holland.
He's going to do a Hollande.
Les présidents détestés comme ça, ça adore les crises parce qu'ils sont sûrs qu'ils vont pouvoir remonter leur code de popularité ou je ne sais pas quoi.
Presidents hated like that love crises because they're sure they'll be able to raise their popularity code or I don't know what.
Hated presidents like that, they love crises because they are sure they can boost their popularity or something.
Donc, il va en faire des tonnes.
So he'll make tons of it.
So, he's going to go overboard.
Et ça va être ridicule.
And it's gonna be ridiculous.
And it's going to be ridiculous.
Déjà que c'était la ridicule, il va refaire le ridicule.
It's already ridiculous, he's going to do it again.
Already that it was ridiculous, it will be ridiculous again.
Il aurait dû dire que c'était de sa faute déjà, qu'il n'aurait jamais dû maintenir les élections, qu'il aurait dû prendre des mesures plus tôt.
He should have said that it was his fault already, that he should never have maintained the elections, that he should have taken action earlier.
He should have said it was his fault already, that he should never have maintained the elections, that he should have taken measures earlier.
He should have said it was his fault already, that he should never have maintained the elections, that he should have taken measurements earlier.
Mais je pense qu'il va se la raconter.
But I think he'll tell himself.
But I think he's going to brag.
I think he's going to brag.
L'heure est grave, la voix calme, le père apaisant.
The hour is serious, the voice calm, the father soothing.
The hour is grave, the voice calm, the soothing father.
The hour is serious, the voice calm, the soothing father.
Sauf que toi, tu as 24 ans, donc ça ne marche pas, le coup du papa.
Except for you, you're 24 years old, so it doesn't work, dad's shot.
Except that you are 24 years old, so it doesn't work, the dad thing.
Except that you are 24 years old, so it doesn't work, the Dad thing.
Il ferait mieux de jouer le jeune dans des pubs pour la banque.
It would be better to play the kid in bank ads.
He would do better to play the young guy in bank ads.
Eh, salut les gars !
Hey, guys!
Hey, hello guys!
Le jeune frère peut-être.
The younger brother maybe.
The young brother maybe.
Peut-être qu'il pourrait jouer le grand frère.
Maybe he could play the big brother.
Ouais, ou le cousin cool.
Yeah, or the cool cousin.
Pas le papa en tout cas, ça ne lui va pas du tout.
Not the dad anyway, it doesn't suit him at all.
Not the dad in any case, it doesn't suit him at all.
Not the Dad in any case, it doesn't follow Him at all.
Très bien, bon.
Very good, good.
Very well, good.
J'espère, mais j'espère.
I hope, but I hope.
I hope, I hope.
Je me souviens que vous avez des…
I remember you having...
I remember that you have...
J'espère qu'ils vont envoyer l'armée afin de réguler toute cette racaille islamo-gauchiste.
I hope they will send the army to regulate all this Islamic-leftist rabble.
I hope they send the army to regulate all this Islamo-leftist scum.
Bien sûr, bien sûr, ça tombe sous le sens.
Of course, of course, it's meaningless.
Of course, of course, it goes without saying.
Écoutez, j'ai bien l'impression quand même que ça reste très compliqué en termes d'audio.
Listen, I feel like it's still very complicated in terms of audio.
Listen, I really have the impression that it remains very complicated in terms of audio.
Listen, I really have the impression that it is very complicated in terms of audio.
Vous avez du mal à m'entendre.
You can't hear me.
You're having trouble hearing me.
Et c'est la guerre, hein ?
And it's war, huh?
And it's war, right?
C'est la guerre, on est dans des conditions presque de couvre-feu.
It's war, we're in almost curfew conditions.
Mais on trouvera un moyen pour les prochaines petites pastilles.
But we'll find a way for the next small pellets.
But we will find a way for the next little pills.
Finalement, voilà.
Finally, here it is.
Finally, there you go.
Pastillasse.
Pastillase.
Pill.
Un autre petit moyen de communication.
Another small means of communication.
Another little way of communication.
Je vous laisse.
I'll leave you.
Écoutez, je pense que…
Listen, I think...
Readsten, I think...
Qu'est-ce que vous mangez ce soir ?
What do you eat tonight?
What are you eating tonight?
What are you doing tone?
Principalement, mes propres rots.
Principally, my own rots.
Mainly, my own burps.
My own burps.
C'est bien ?
It's good?
Is that good?
Voilà.
Here.
There you go.
Non, non, je ne sais pas.
No, no, I don't know.
No, No, I don't know.
Le soir, je fais léger, je fais une petite soupe avec un peu de lard, du pain, du fromage.
In the evening, I make light, I make a little soup with some bacon, bread, cheese.
In the evening, I go light, I make a little soup with some bacon, bread, cheese.
In the event, I go light, I make a little soup with some bacon, bread, cheese.
Un peu de vin rouge dedans.
A little red wine inside.
A little red wine in it.
Un peu de vin rouge pour faire chabrot.
A little red wine to make chabrot.
Voilà, la petite soupe.
Here's the soup.
There you go, the little soup.
There you go, the little sup.
Voilà.
Here.
There you go.
Alors, peut-être un petit film, une petite série, un petit truc ?
So maybe a little movie, a little show, a little thing?
So, maybe a little movie, a little series, a little something?
Je vais finir « Prends l'oseille et tais-toi » de Woody Allen.
I'm going to finish "Take the money and shut up" from Woody Allen.
I'm going to finish "Take the Money and Run" by Woody Allen.
Et après, je me fais du polanski.
And then, I'm doing polanski.
And then I'm going to do some Polanski.
Je me fais un cycle pédophile.
I have a paedophile cycle.
I'm going to do a pedophile cycle.
Voilà.
Here.
There you go.
C'est confinement et pédophilie.
It's confinement and paedophilia.
It's confinement and pedophilia.
C'est la nouvelle signature d'Urbain Courte.
This is Urbain Courte's new signature.
It's the new signature of Urbain Courte.
It's the new signature of Urban Courte.
Merci.
Thank you.
Merci à tous.
Thank you all.
Moi, n'hésitez pas à nous écouter, à réécouter des vieux plutôt caustiques.
I, do not hesitate to listen to us, to listen to old rather caustic.
Feel free to listen to us, to re-listen to old rather caustic ones.
Feel free to listen to us, to re-listen to old other causal ones.
Je vais moi-même réécouter ce matin l'école buissonnière que j'avais totalement oubliée.
I am going to listen again this morning to the bushy school I had totally forgotten.
This morning, I myself will re-listen to "L'école buissonnière" which I had completely forgotten.
This morning, I myself will re-listen to "The Bushy School" which I had completely forgotten.
J'ai bien ri.
I laughed.
I laughed a lot.
I washed a lot.
Je vous souhaite une bonne soirée et puis on se rappelle bien.
I wish you a good evening and then we remember well.
I wish you a good evening and see you soon.
I wish you a good event and see you soon.
Merci beaucoup de vos questions.
Thank you so much for your questions.
Thank you very much for your questions.
Fin du…
End of...
Et à très bientôt.
And see you soon.
And see you very soon.
Fin du jour.
End of day.
End of the day.
Au revoir.
Goodbye.
Allez, au revoir.
All right, good-bye.
Come on, goodbye.
Au revoir.
Goodbye.